Created `auto review by label` action (#1)
EmbarkStudios/action-auto-review-by-label: README.md

<div align="center">

# `➡️ Auto Review by Label`

<!--- FIXME: Update crate, repo and CI workflow names here! Remove any that are not relevant --->
[![Build Status](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/action-auto-review-by-label/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/action-auto-review-by-label/actions?workflow=test)
[![Embark](https://img.shields.io/badge/embark-open%20source-blueviolet.svg)](https://embark.dev)
</div>

A small utility action that automatically adds a bot review in the presence of a selected label.

## Usage

Create a new `.github/workflows/approve-by-label.yml` file:

```yaml
name: approve-by-label
on:
  pull_request:
    types: [labeled, unlabeled]
jobs:
  test:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - uses: actions/setup-node@v1
      - uses: thefuntastic/pr-reviewer-bot@main
        with:
          github-token: ${{ secrets.BOT_TOKEN }}
          bot-username: thefuntastic
          label-name: skip-review
```

> The following options are supported:

Reviewer: Maybe I'm misunderstanding but it seems more appropriate to state they're required, right?

```suggestion
The following options are required:
```

- `github-token`: Personal access token for the account performing reviews. Note that the built-in github actions token does not have permission for review approval, so a new token must be generated. For details on generating a new token, see the [offical guide](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).
- `bot-username`: Username of the account associated with the token - is used to detect existing reviews. Will result in review approval spam if misconfigured.
- `label-name`: Name of the label intended to trigger auto-approval.

## Limitations

> Removing the choosen label doesn't remove the reveiw from the PR. This is because once github records a positive review, dismissing it only converts it back to a pending review.

Reviewer: hello it's me, i am the typo bot

```suggestion
Removing the chosen label doesn't remove the review from the PR. This is because once github records a positive review, dismissing it only converts it back to a pending review.
```
